Hello everybody and welcome.
We've got a problem at the moment with unreal where we go ahead and click compile and where our code
was only taking a few moments when we were just doing the command line.
Now it's a real pain in the backside.
It's taking in excess of 10 seconds to compile not all of you will experience this problem but some
of you have and certainly I have.
And so Sam Sam's going to guide me through the process now of how to fix this with you.
Yes.
So first of all to know if you are actually experiencing the same problem as us once the compulsive
finished what we want to do is go to the window menu and then go to help tools and open up the message
log and then go to the compiler log.
So basically when we get to a computer block whichever way you want to do this is just one way.
And what you'll notice here is that the parallel execute the time it's giving is just like six seconds
or nine seconds six point nine seconds rather which isn't what we saw we just saw it take about 32.
So what we also see is the reflection code generated which is a few lines up from the top is taking
23 seconds and we hadn't changed a single line of header code so it shouldn't have to be rebuilding
the reflection at this point.
But for some reason it seems to be doing it anyway.
So what we need to do as I found out from the forums is we need to go over to a Visual Studio file a
product whatever it is and we need to go and refresh a file in the in Unreal actual files.
So if you go to see them like a student code in our case and we're actually gonna go down to the section
down below here which has the all the stuff to do with unreal we're talking about before.
So this one here and we want to go.
Let me read out the path to you it is engine binaries win then depending on your platform it's going
to be win 64 percent for you.
Depends what you're on.
And then we're looking for the unreal headed tool dot target almost there.
We are dot target.
So it's near the end of that list of the tools to go and open on that path.
Now just make a single spaced change at the end of one of these comments or something just so it changes
the file and save them.
Notice the dots at the top who refused the extra time to do this.
It's changed.
Now go back over into unreal and they compile this time and it should still take a long time this time
I think but then subsequent compilers should be much quicker.
So it should take basic just those six seconds it was taken to compile the code without the 23 seconds
it was taking to the end they'll head to and generally speaking this means that every time you only
change C++ files they'll take that loan if you also change pedophiles.
It will still take the twenty three seconds but it's vastly improved.
When you're just messing around in C++ files so try and try running again and see if that actually worked
got my fingers crossed.
Seems to be taking a long time.
Let's see if we have a look in the.
That felt much quicker though.
So let's have a look at the develop tools in the message look you've got to depend on the speed like
the how much you can get out of it.
That's a lot better.
And if we have a look you can see it's no longer running and we all had it too.
Yeah.
So now this is just this is the speed of my kid's computer at this point.
Depending on your computer you'll see you're going to get different numbers of seconds.
The important thing is in the message log is no longer saying that it's running and we'll have a tool
which is what was taken a long time it's no longer all that 20 seconds.
So that I would say fixed is useful to you and can be useful for Mikey.
I hope that lots of refactoring and changing of its code at least if he's any touching the C++ file
it's going to be a lot quicker to run those changes and see what I think.
Thank you Sam.
And hopefully this will help you guys out as well.
Take.